docs/community/versions.md, before:

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions


| Version       | Supported          |                                                                     |
|---------------|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.2-dev       | :warning:          | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.2/intro)           |
| 1.1.2         | :white_check_mark: | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.1/intro)           |
| 1.1.1         | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.1/intro)           |
| 1.1.0         | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.1/intro)           |
| 1.0.0         | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0/intro)           |
| 1.0.0-rc.6    | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-rc.6/intro)    |
| 1.0.0-rc.5    | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-rc.5/intro)    |
| 1.0.0-rc.4    | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-rc.4/intro)    |
| 1.0.0-rc.3    | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-rc.3/intro)    |
| 1.0.0-rc.2    | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-rc.2/intro)    |
| 1.0.0-rc.1    | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-rc.1/intro)    |
| 1.0.0-beta.0  | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-beta.0/intro)  |
| 1.0.0-alpha.0 | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0.0-alpha.0/intro) |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please use [the bug tracker](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/issues) or use <bug@linwood.dev> if there are a critical bug.

## Branches

| Name    | Support |                                                                                Description | Tag     |
|:--------|:-------:|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|---------|
| main    |    ✅    | This branch is production ready. It will be updated when a new stable version is released! | Stable  |
| develop |   ⚠️    |    This branch is only for testing and developing. Pull request should only be added here! | Nightly |

Commit message:

put pre 1.0 versions in new versions file

docs/community/versions.md, after:

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions


| Version | Supported          |                                                                                                                                    |
| ------- | ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.2-dev | :warning:          | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.2/intro)                                                                          |
| 1.1.2   | :white_check_mark: | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.1/intro) [Release](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/releases/tag/v1.1.2) |
| 1.1.1   | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.1/intro) [Release](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/releases/tag/v1.1.1) |
| 1.1.0   | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.1/intro) [Release](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/releases/tag/v1.1.0) |
| 1.0.0   | :x:                | [Docs](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/docs/1.0/intro) [Release](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/releases/tag/v1.0.0) |

Older versions can be found [here](pre-1-0.md).

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please use [the bug tracker](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/issues) or use <bug@linwood.dev> if there are a critical bug.

## Branches

| Name    | Support |                                                                                Description | Tag     |
| :------ | :-----: | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ------- |
| main    |    ✅    | This branch is production ready. It will be updated when a new stable version is released! | Stable  |
| develop |    ⚠️    |    This branch is only for testing and developing. Pull request should only be added here! | Nightly |
