README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/develop/app/images/logo.png" width="350px" />

# Butterfly

> Notes that change the world

[![Latest release)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/LinwoodCloud/butterfly?color=EBB733&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=EBB733)](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/releases)
[![GitHub License badge](https://img.shields.io/github/license/LinwoodCloud/dev_doctor?color=EBB733&style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxOTIiIGhlaWdodD0iMTkyIiBmaWxsPSIjZWJiNzMzIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjU2IDI1NiI%2BPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI1NiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNTYiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiPjwvcmVjdD48cmVjdCB4PSIzMiIgeT0iNDgiIHdpZHRoPSIxOTIiIGhlaWdodD0iMTYwIiByeD0iOCIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIxNiIgc3Ryb2tlPSIjZWJiNzMzIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiPjwvcmVjdD48bGluZSB4MT0iNzYiIHkxPSI5NiIgeDI9IjE4MCIgeTI9Ijk2IiBmaWxsPSJub25lIiBzdHJva2U9IiNlYmI3MzMiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lY2FwPSJyb3VuZCIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVqb2luPSJyb3VuZCIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIxNiI%2BPC9saW5lPjxsaW5lIHgxPSI3NiIgeTE9IjEyOCIgeDI9IjE4MCIgeTI9IjEyOCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgc3Ryb2tlPSIjZWJiNzMzIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMTYiPjwvbGluZT48bGluZSB4MT0iNzYiIHkxPSIxNjAiIHgyPSIxODAiIHkyPSIxNjAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHN0cm9rZT0iI2ViYjczMyIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2Utd2lkdGg9IjE2Ij48L2xpbmU%2BPC9zdmc%2B)](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/LinwoodCloud/butterfly?color=EBB733&logo=github&logoColor=EBB733&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly)
[![Discord badge](https://img.shields.io/discord/735424757142519848?style=for-the-badge&color=EBB733&logo=discord&logoColor=EBB733)](https://discord.linwood.dev)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/total?color=EBB733&style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/downloads)
</div>

<p align="center">
    <a href="http://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev"><b>Website</b></a> •
    <a href="http://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/downloads"><b>Download</b></a> •
    <a href="https://go.linwood.dev/discord"><b>Discord</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/LinwoodCloud"><b>Twitter</b></a> •
    <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md"><b>Contribute</b></a>
</p>  

---

Butterfly is a note app where your ideas come first. You can paint, add texts, and export them easily on every device. This app works on android, windows, linux, and in the web.

## Features

* **⚡ Simple and intuitive** Every tool is in the right place. Open the app and start drawing. Change your tools by clicking on it.
* **🎨 Customizable** Change everything to your needs. Choose your custom color, create a palette, and add your pages to the paper. The paper has an infinite size, perfect for your ideas and notes.
* **💻 Your data will be saved locally**. Everything will be saved locally on your computer. Export the notes as images or as json files which can be opened on a different device.

<p align="center">
    <img src="./docs/docs/main.png" width="50%" />
</p>

---

## Comparison

| Name                             | ⚡ Butterfly ⚡ | OneNote                                            |
| -------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Add texts, draw, erase           | ✅             | ✅                                                  |
| Organizing your ideas in folders | ✅             | ✅                                                  |
| Web version                      | ✅             | ✅                                                  |
| Free                             | ✅             | ⚠️ (Basic version is free)                          |
| Offline support                  | ✅             | ⚠️ (Only supports offline mode in the windows app)  |
| Image export                     | ✅             | ⚠️ (Only supports printing)                         |
| Infinite drawing board           | ✅             | ⚠️ (Only supports moving in the positive direction) |
| Cross platform                   | ✅             | ❌                                                  |

Commit message:

fix camera on android and web

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/develop/app/images/logo.png" width="350px" />

# Butterfly

> Notes that change the world

[![Latest release)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/LinwoodCloud/butterfly?color=EBB733&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=EBB733)](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/releases)
[![GitHub License badge](https://img.shields.io/github/license/LinwoodCloud/dev_doctor?color=EBB733&style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxOTIiIGhlaWdodD0iMTkyIiBmaWxsPSIjZWJiNzMzIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjU2IDI1NiI%2BPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI1NiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNTYiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiPjwvcmVjdD48cmVjdCB4PSIzMiIgeT0iNDgiIHdpZHRoPSIxOTIiIGhlaWdodD0iMTYwIiByeD0iOCIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIxNiIgc3Ryb2tlPSIjZWJiNzMzIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiPjwvcmVjdD48bGluZSB4MT0iNzYiIHkxPSI5NiIgeDI9IjE4MCIgeTI9Ijk2IiBmaWxsPSJub25lIiBzdHJva2U9IiNlYmI3MzMiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lY2FwPSJyb3VuZCIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVqb2luPSJyb3VuZCIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIxNiI%2BPC9saW5lPjxsaW5lIHgxPSI3NiIgeTE9IjEyOCIgeDI9IjE4MCIgeTI9IjEyOCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgc3Ryb2tlPSIjZWJiNzMzIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMTYiPjwvbGluZT48bGluZSB4MT0iNzYiIHkxPSIxNjAiIHgyPSIxODAiIHkyPSIxNjAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHN0cm9rZT0iI2ViYjczMyIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2Utd2lkdGg9IjE2Ij48L2xpbmU%2BPC9zdmc%2B)](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/LinwoodCloud/butterfly?color=EBB733&logo=github&logoColor=EBB733&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/LinwoodCloud/butterfly)
[![Discord badge](https://img.shields.io/discord/735424757142519848?style=for-the-badge&color=EBB733&logo=discord&logoColor=EBB733)](https://discord.linwood.dev)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/LinwoodCloud/butterfly/total?color=EBB733&style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/downloads)
</div>

<p align="center">
    <a href="http://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev"><b>Website</b></a> •
    <a href="http://docs.butterfly.linwood.dev/downloads"><b>Download</b></a> •
    <a href="https://go.linwood.dev/discord"><b>Discord</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/LinwoodCloud"><b>Twitter</b></a> •
    <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md"><b>Contribute</b></a>
</p>  

---
❗ **Important note: In the next version of Butterfly (1.2) the app will need an android version higher than 5.0 (Lollipop). Please keep this in mind if you want to use the app in the future!** ❗

Butterfly is a note app where your ideas come first. You can paint, add texts, and export them easily on every device. This app works on android, windows, linux, and in the web.

## Features

* **⚡ Simple and intuitive** Every tool is in the right place. Open the app and start drawing. Change your tools by clicking on it.
* **🎨 Customizable** Change everything to your needs. Choose your custom color, create a palette, and add your pages to the paper. The paper has an infinite size, perfect for your ideas and notes.
* **💻 Your data will be saved locally**. Everything will be saved locally on your computer. Export the notes as images or as json files which can be opened on a different device.

<p align="center">
    <img src="./docs/docs/main.png" width="50%" />
</p>

---

## Comparison

| Name                             | ⚡ Butterfly ⚡ | OneNote                                            |
| -------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Add texts, draw, erase           | ✅             | ✅                                                  |
| Organizing your ideas in folders | ✅             | ✅                                                  |
| Web version                      | ✅             | ✅                                                  |
| Free                             | ✅             | ⚠️ (Basic version is free)                          |
| Offline support                  | ✅             | ⚠️ (Only supports offline mode in the windows app)  |
| Image export                     | ✅             | ⚠️ (Only supports printing)                         |
| Infinite drawing board           | ✅             | ⚠️ (Only supports moving in the positive direction) |
| Cross platform                   | ✅             | ❌                                                  |
