docs/src/content/docs/community/faq.md, before:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
---

Here are some frequently asked questions.

## Web

### How do I install the web version?

You can install the web version by clicking on the install button in the title bar.
After that you can use this app offline.

### Butterfly does not load on Brave

Brave Users who have set the 'Block Fingerprinting' Shield setting to Aggressive, need to change it to 'Standard' or just plain 'Block Fingerprinting'.
Click on the shield icon in the address bar to change the setting.
Try updating your browser to the latest version.

## Mobile

### S-Pen won't be recognized

> [#270](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/270)

I'm using the input provided by the flutter framework.
This is the issue to track it: [flutter/flutter#42846](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/42846).

### iOS support

> [#244](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/244)

Butterfly is available on iOS as preview. Click [here](https://butterfly.linwood.dev/downloads/ios) to download it. See [here](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/244#issuecomment-1935460878) why it's not available on the App Store.

## Desktop

### Stylus input are not recognized

> [#238](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/238)

I'm using the input provided by the flutter framework.
There are already issues to track it:
Windows: [flutter/flutter#65248](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/65248) and [flutter/flutter#102836](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/102836).
Linux: [flutter/flutter#63209](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/63209)

These issues are a bit older. The web version should work fine for now.

Commit message:

Update faq.md (#969)
* Update faq.md

Added the questions:

Butterfly is slow

Butterfly restarts in the background!

* Add new line to butterfly is slow

---------

Co-authored-by: CodeDoctor <codedoctor@linwood.dev>

docs/src/content/docs/community/faq.md, after:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
---

Here are some frequently asked questions.

## Web

### How do I install the web version?

You can install the web version by clicking on the install button in the title bar.
After that you can use this app offline.

### Butterfly does not load on Brave

Brave Users who have set the 'Block Fingerprinting' Shield setting to Aggressive, need to change it to 'Standard' or just plain 'Block Fingerprinting'.
Click on the shield icon in the address bar to change the setting.
Try updating your browser to the latest version.

## Mobile

### S-Pen won't be recognized

> [#270](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/270)

I'm using the input provided by the flutter framework.
This is the issue to track it: [flutter/flutter#42846](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/42846).

### Butterfly is slow

Butterfly is more performant every update, but sometimes, the problem is your device.

First, turn off your device's powersaver.
Then, set your screen refresh rate to its highest.
This allows butterfly to update faster and become more responsive.

If these steps dont help, please dont hesistate to complain in Discord, Matrix, or in Github!

### Butterfly restarts when it is in the background

Disable battery optimization for Butterfly, Samsung among other brands usually put heavy battery restrictions on apps that crash frequently or overheat the device.

If you dont know how to disable battery optimization for Butterfly, this website may help: [Dont kill my app!](https://dontkillmyapp.com/)

### iOS support

> [#244](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/244)

Butterfly is available on iOS as preview. Click [here](https://butterfly.linwood.dev/downloads/ios) to download it. See [here](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/244#issuecomment-1935460878) why it's not available on the App Store.

## Desktop

### Stylus input are not recognized

> [#238](https://github.com/LinwoodDev/Butterfly/issues/238)

I'm using the input provided by the flutter framework.
There are already issues to track it:
Windows: [flutter/flutter#65248](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/65248) and [flutter/flutter#102836](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/102836).
Linux: [flutter/flutter#63209](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/63209)

These issues are a bit older. The web version should work fine for now.
