docs/src/content/docs/docs/v2/pack.md, before:

---
title: Pack
---

A pack is a collection of components that can be used in the stamp tool. You can create your own pack or import an existing one. For this click on the top left corner and click on "Packs".

Packs are saved globally, so you can use them in any document. If you want to share the pack in a document, you can bundle it with the document.

## Properties

|        Name | Description               |
| ----------: | :------------------------ |
|        Name | The name of the pack      |
|      Author | The author of the pack    |
|     Version | The version of the pack   |
| Description | A description of the pack |

### Components

Components are a way to save elements that you use often. You can create your own components or import an existing one using packs.

Use the components navigator page to paste components into your notes.

## Styles

Styles are used to customize the appearance of the text. The paragraph styles can be used to format a whole paragraph (like a heading), while the text styles can be used to format only a part of the text (like a bold word).

## Palettes

The color palettes can be used to quickly select colors for the colorable tools. You will see a color picker overlay (like mentioned in the [color picker documentation](/docs/v2/color_picker)) when you edit a color picker.

Commit message:

Update pack.md to provide info Adding a component into a pack

docs/src/content/docs/docs/v2/pack.md, after:

---
title: Pack
---

A pack is a collection of components that can be used in the stamp tool. You can create your own pack or import an existing one. For this click on the top left corner and click on "Packs".

Packs are saved globally, so you can use them in any document. If you want to share the pack in a document, you can bundle it with the document.

## Properties

|        Name | Description               |
| ----------: | :------------------------ |
|        Name | The name of the pack      |
|      Author | The author of the pack    |
|     Version | The version of the pack   |
| Description | A description of the pack |

## Components

Components are a way to save elements that you use often. You can create your own components or import an existing one using packs.

Use the components navigator page to paste components into your notes.

### Adding a component into a pack

To add a component:
 1. Select the elements on the infinite canvas
 2. Double tap or right click to summon the context menu
 3. Press the plus icon (Add to pack)
 4. Choose the pack
 5. Give a name to the new component, it can be anything.
 
You can use these components using the [stamp tool](/docs/v2/pack)

## Styles

Styles are used to customize the appearance of the text. The paragraph styles can be used to format a whole paragraph (like a heading), while the text styles can be used to format only a part of the text (like a bold word).

## Palettes

The color palettes can be used to quickly select colors for the colorable tools. You will see a color picker overlay (like mentioned in the [color picker documentation](/docs/v2/color_picker)) when you edit a color picker.
