docs/src/content/docs/docs/v2/tools/pen.md, before:

---
title: Pen tool
---


With this tool you can draw on this paper.

## Configuration

|        Property |       Default       | Description                                                                                             |
| --------------: | :-----------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|           Color |        Black        | The color that will be drawn                                                                            |
|    Stroke width |          5          | The width of the stroke                                                                                 |
|  Zoom dependent |        false        | This will change the stroke width based on the zoom level.                                              |
| Shape Detection | false (Delay: 0.5s) | This will try to detect shapes while drawing. If a shape is detected, it will be replaced by the shape. |
|        Thinning |         0.4         | This effect of pressure on the stroke size                                                              |
|       Smoothing |         0.5         | This will smooth the edges of the stroke.                                                               |
|      Streamline |         0.5         | How much the pen will follow the movement of the mouse.                                                 |
|           Color |        Black        | The color that will be drawn                                                                            |
|            Fill |     Transparent     | The color that will be drawn inside the shape                                                           |

Commit message:

Update pen.md for better description and a how 2 highlighter

docs/src/content/docs/docs/v2/tools/pen.md, after:

---
title: Pen tool
---


With this tool you can draw strokes on the infinite canvas!

Strokes are the lines that you draw using the pen.

This tool has many properties, as you can make a highlighter using the pen tool!


## How to ~~Pen~~ Highlighter

The pen tool can be used as a highlighter if you want!

1. Add a new pen tool into the toolbar
    1. Press the + button in the toolbar!
    2. Add a pen
    3. Hold the new pen icon to move it
        - Note: when moving any tool, make sure to modify the settings in the behaviors tab to make sure the correct tool is activated for each input
2. Modify the new pen
    1. Open the properties panel of the new pen by pressing it again
    2. Rename the pen by double tapping the tool's name.
    3. After renaming the pen to highlighter, change the icon to match the highlighter look by pressing the icon
3. After modifying the tool's appearance. It time to modify the properties!
    1. Change the stroke width to a big number, for example, 50. Highlighters have big strokes after all
    2. Set thinning to 0. Highlighters dont have variable stroke width.
    3. Also set the smoothing to 0. It has a weird look that highlighters never make.
    4. Set the streamline to MAX (1) to make the highlighter's strokes look nice :]
    5. Change the alpha to 50 or something similar, this makes sure the strokes under the highlighting are visible.
    
Congratulations!!



## Configuration

|        Property |       Default       | Description                                                                                             |
| --------------: | :-----------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|           Color |        Black        | The color that will be drawn                                                                            |
|    Stroke width |          5          | The width of the stroke                                                                                 |
|  Zoom dependent |        false        | This will change the stroke width based on the zoom level.                                              |
| Shape Detection | false (Delay: 0.5s) | This will try to detect shapes while drawing. If a shape is detected, it will be replaced by the shape. |
|        Thinning |         0.4         | This effect of pressure on the stroke size                                                              |
|       Smoothing |         0.5         | This will smooth the edges of the stroke.                                                               |
|      Streamline |         0.5         | How much the pen will follow the movement of the mouse.                                                 |
|           Color |        Black        | The color that will be drawn                                                                            |
|            Fill |     Transparent     | The color that will be drawn inside the shape                                                           |
